
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
    <!-- Copyright 2013 by Arthur A. Gleckler. All rights reserved. -->
    <title>2: module system</title>
    <link href="/trac.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"></head>
  <body>
    <header>This site is a static rendering of the <a href="https://trac.edgewall.org/">Trac</a> instance that was used by <a href="http://scheme-reports.org/2015/working-group-1.html">R7RS-WG1</a> for its work on R7RS-small (<a href="/attachment/r7rs.pdf">PDF</a>), which was ratified in 2013. For more information, see <a href="/">Home</a>.</header>
    <ul class="navigation">
      <li><a href="/">Home</a></li>
      <li><a href="/ticket/">All tickets</a></li>
      <li><a href="/wiki/">All wiki pages</a></li></ul>
    <h1 class="ticket">Ticket 2: <span class="summary">module system</span></h1>
    <div class="ticket metadata">
      <div class="cc">arcfide@sacrideo.us</div>
      <div class="changetime">2012-10-04 22:52:15</div>
      <div class="component">WG1 - Modules</div>
      <div class="owner">alexshinn</div>
      <div class="priority">blocker</div>
      <div class="reporter">alexshinn</div>
      <div class="resolution">fixed</div>
      <div class="source"><a href="/ticket/2/source.html">source</a></div>
      <div class="status">closed</div>
      <div class="time">2010-02-23 15:57:25</div>
      <div class="type">enhancement</div></div>
    <div class="ticket">
      <div class="description">
        <p>As per the charter, we need a module system
proposal which allows sharing of code between
implementations.</p>
        <p>This is one issue where we can't default to
the R5RS, since it has no module system.  If
we can't come to consensus, we will have to
take the R6RS module system as-is.</p></div>
      <div class="history">
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2010-02-23 16:24:37</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">component</span><span class="old-value">WG1 - Core</span><span class="new-value">WG1 - Modules</span></div>
            <div><span class="field">type</span><span class="old-value">defect</span><span class="new-value">enhancement</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment"></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">arcfide</div>
            <div class="time">2010-03-05 07:27:13</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">milestone</span><span class="old-value">&blank;</span><span class="new-value">&blank;</span></div>
            <div><span class="field">cc</span><span class="old-value">&blank;</span><span class="new-value">arcfide@sacrideo.us</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment">
              <p>I have made a proposal regarding the module system on <a href="/wiki/ModulesAndPackagesArcfide">ModulesAndPackagesArcfide</a> that has been updated recently.</p></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2010-11-14 14:43:16</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">resolution</span><span class="old-value">&blank;</span><span class="new-value">fixed</span></div>
            <div><span class="field">status</span><span class="old-value">new</span><span class="new-value">closed</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment">
              <p><a href="/wiki/ModulesShinn">ModulesShinn</a> won.</p></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2011-01-29 11:07:55</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">resolution</span><span class="old-value">fixed</span><span class="new-value">&blank;</span></div>
            <div><span class="field">status</span><span class="old-value">closed</span><span class="new-value">reopened</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment"></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2011-01-29 11:08:26</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">status</span><span class="old-value">reopened</span><span class="new-value">decided</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment"></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2011-01-29 12:04:08</div></div>
          <div class="changes"></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment">
              <p>Must take into account <a href="/ticket/102">#102</a>, <a href="/ticket/103">#103</a>, <a href="/ticket/105">#105</a> and <a href="/ticket/106">#106</a>.</p></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2011-01-29 12:25:45</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">status</span><span class="old-value">decided</span><span class="new-value">writing</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment"></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">alexshinn</div>
            <div class="time">2011-02-19 16:13:23</div></div>
          <div class="changes"></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment">
              <p>Need to update \subsection{Primitive, library, and optional features}
and \subsection{Entry format} in struct.tex regarding library and optional
features.</p>
              <p>Need to update prog.tex to include module system description.</p>
              <p>Need to update &quot;Programs and definitions&quot; section of syn.tex to include
modules.</p></div></div></div>
        <div class="ticket change-group">
          <div class="metadata">
            <div class="author">cowan</div>
            <div class="time">2012-10-04 22:52:15</div></div>
          <div class="changes">
            <div><span class="field">resolution</span><span class="old-value">&blank;</span><span class="new-value">fixed</span></div>
            <div><span class="field">status</span><span class="old-value">writing</span><span class="new-value">closed</span></div></div>
          <div class="comments">
            <div class="comment"></div></div></div></div></div></body></html>